README.md, before:

# healthchecks-action

healthchecks action for creating+pinging the api.

## inputs

| **input**      | **description**                    | **valid inputs**          | **needed for** |
| -------------- | ---------------------------------- | ------------------------- | -------------- |
| baseurl        | url of the healthchecks instance   | {str} _(with http(s)://)_ | create + ping  |
| apikey         | api write key for check creation   | {str}                     | create         |
| check_name     | name for the check                 | {str}                     | create         |
| check_schedule | schedule for the check             | {str} _(in cron format)_  | create         |
| grace          | grace time for the check"          | {int}                     | create         |
| path           | path to ping after {baseurl}/ping/ | {str}                     | ping           |
| method         | ping method (after ping path)      | `start`\| `fail`\| {none} | ping           |

## outputs

> none

## how to use

```yml
name: generate release notes

on:
    push:
        tags:
            - "v*.*.*"

jobs:
    healthchecks:
        runs-on: ubuntu-latest
        steps:
            - name: create check
              uses: olofvndrhr/healthchecks-action@v1
              with:
                  baseurl: https://hc.example.com
                  apikey: "${{ secrets.APIKEY }}"
                  check_name: check1
                  check_schedule: "5 * * * *"
                  grace: 600

            - name: start check
              uses: olofvndrhr/healthchecks-action@v1
              with:
                  baseurl: https://hc.example.com
                  path: xxxxxx
                  method: start

            - name: stop check
              uses: olofvndrhr/healthchecks-action@v1
              with:
                  baseurl: https://hc.example.com
                  path: xxxxxx

            - name: fail check
              if: ${{ failure()
              uses: olofvndrhr/healthchecks-action@v1
              with:
                  baseurl: https://hc.example.com
                  path: xxxxxx
                  method: fail
```

Commit message:

add ping body to action
Signed-off-by: Ivan Schaller <ivan@schaller.sh>

README.md, after:

# healthchecks-action

healthchecks action for creating+pinging the api.

## inputs

| **input**      | **description**                    | **valid inputs**          | **needed for** |
| -------------- | ---------------------------------- | ------------------------- | -------------- |
| baseurl        | url of the healthchecks instance   | {str} _(with http(s)://)_ | create + ping  |
| apikey         | api write key for check creation   | {str}                     | create         |
| check_name     | name for the check                 | {str}                     | create         |
| check_schedule | schedule for the check             | {str} _(in cron format)_  | create         |
| grace          | grace time for the check"          | {int}                     | create         |
| path           | path to ping after {baseurl}/ping/ | {str}                     | ping           |
| method         | ping method (after ping path)      | `start`\| `fail`\| {none} | ping           |
| ping_body      | content to add to ping body        | `start`\| `fail`\| {none} | ping           |

## outputs

> none

## how to use

```yml
name: generate release notes

on:
    push:
        tags:
            - "v*.*.*"

jobs:
    healthchecks:
        runs-on: ubuntu-latest
        steps:
            - name: create check
              uses: olofvndrhr/healthchecks-action@v1
              with:
                  baseurl: https://hc.example.com
                  apikey: "${{ secrets.APIKEY }}"
                  check_name: check1
                  check_schedule: "5 * * * *"
                  grace: 600

            - name: start check
              uses: olofvndrhr/healthchecks-action@v1
              with:
                  baseurl: https://hc.example.com
                  path: xxxxxx
                  method: start

            - name: stop check
              uses: olofvndrhr/healthchecks-action@v1
              with:
                  baseurl: https://hc.example.com
                  path: xxxxxx

            - name: fail check
              if: ${{ failure()
              uses: olofvndrhr/healthchecks-action@v1
              with:
                  baseurl: https://hc.example.com
                  path: xxxxxx
                  method: fail
```
